ros/checklist.md, before:

# Udacity SDC Capstone Project Checklist

- [x] setup github repo
- [~] figure out running with camera enabled without lag
    - [x] enable camera in sim but disable callback (baseline perf)
        - >> lag, but only if the ros nodes are running. Manual drive without any ros nodes works OK
    - [x] figure out which node causes lag
        - waypoint_updater and tl_detector, of course
    - [x] process only 1 out of N image (or manipulate rate)
        - 1 out of 3, and limit wp update to 5 Hz, barely keeping up/slightly lagging
    - [x] use VM on Teglon, run sim on host, nodes on vm
        - >> not helping
    - [x] use `taskset -c 0-1` for nodes, `2-7` for simulator
        - still some lag, but minimised, I think
    - [/] write c++ node for image processing
    - [x] write blind mode for TL detector
        - use vehicle/traffic_lights messages to update stopline waypoint
- [x] fix dbw behaviour
    - pre-fix: throttle remains constant until sudden brake at stopline
    - [x] check waypoint_updater
        - make sure there is a last waypoint with zero speed before break statement in deceleration function
    - [x] check dbw_node
    - [x] check pure pursuit
        - next waypoint search has a minimum distance (at least 6 [m]), but if there isn't any that far, the last one is picked
        - instead of filling post-stopline waypoints with identical waypoints, one should be enough. It'll pick the last one anyway, and next cycle the list will be empty
        - [x] change argument in getCmdVelocity from 0 to num_of_next_waypoint_
            - in current behaviour, the speed reference is always the speed of the first waypoint, so if we have a list of waypoints, with deceleration at the tail end, the speed reference might not reflect that
    - [x] test changes; desired outcome:
        - no lag
        - stop smoothly at stoplines
        - never get stuck at greenlight
        - no missing waypoint warning from pure_pursuit (and not because I just suppress the warning)
- [x] tune training data collection parameters
    - far threshhold must be far enough (can't see lights)
    - close threshhold must be close enough (see lights clearly)
    - tune the volume of data collected (raw volume and proportion between classes)
- [x] write training data collector
- [x] collect training data for traffic light classifier
    - [ ] recollect training data
        - I messed up and overwrote the no-light images
        - collect at least 1000 images, no-light should have > 2 [s] interval
        - label the waypoint distance in the filename too, help us filter things later
        - if not lag-inducing, process more images
- [ ] build, train  model for traffic light classifier
    - [x] explore data
    - [x] write batch generator
    - [ ] write model builder
        - add resize layer
        - rebalance sample proportion
        - rename label 4 to 3 (economise categories)
    - [ ] train model
        - one epoch wtih naïve adaptation of net_nvidia gets us 50% accuracy
    - [ ] test inference
    - [ ] integrate to tl_detector
- [x] look into `pure_pursuit` waypoint following behaviour
    - see above point on 'fix dbw behaviour'
- [ ] test system integration (melodic)
- [ ] test system integration (kinetic, on workspace)
- [ ] scout for capstone team
- [ ] submit project (possibly individually, on-sim only)
- [ ] graduate

# Training data collector design notes

- use rosparam switch
- classes:
    - 4: no light
    - 2: green
    - 1: yellow
    - 0: red
- classes match styx_msgs to minimise confusion
- collection rule:
    - if near traffic light, sample every skip (2 or 3 images)
    - if far from light, sample at most every second
    - name sample with timestamp and label
- write filename parser to help with serving data during training

Commit message:

feat: add more model, add hooks for integration

ros/checklist.md, after:

# Udacity SDC Capstone Project Checklist

- [x] setup github repo
- [~] figure out running with camera enabled without lag
    - [x] enable camera in sim but disable callback (baseline perf)
        - >> lag, but only if the ros nodes are running. Manual drive without any ros nodes works OK
    - [x] figure out which node causes lag
        - waypoint_updater and tl_detector, of course
    - [x] process only 1 out of N image (or manipulate rate)
        - 1 out of 3, and limit wp update to 5 Hz, barely keeping up/slightly lagging
    - [x] use VM on Teglon, run sim on host, nodes on vm
        - >> not helping
    - [x] use `taskset -c 0-1` for nodes, `2-7` for simulator
        - still some lag, but minimised, I think
    - [/] write c++ node for image processing
    - [x] write blind mode for TL detector
        - use vehicle/traffic_lights messages to update stopline waypoint
- [x] fix dbw behaviour
    - pre-fix: throttle remains constant until sudden brake at stopline
    - [x] check waypoint_updater
        - make sure there is a last waypoint with zero speed before break statement in deceleration function
    - [x] check dbw_node
    - [x] check pure pursuit
        - next waypoint search has a minimum distance (at least 6 [m]), but if there isn't any that far, the last one is picked
        - instead of filling post-stopline waypoints with identical waypoints, one should be enough. It'll pick the last one anyway, and next cycle the list will be empty
        - [x] change argument in getCmdVelocity from 0 to num_of_next_waypoint_
            - in current behaviour, the speed reference is always the speed of the first waypoint, so if we have a list of waypoints, with deceleration at the tail end, the speed reference might not reflect that
    - [x] test changes; desired outcome:
        - no lag
        - stop smoothly at stoplines
        - never get stuck at greenlight
        - no missing waypoint warning from pure_pursuit (and not because I just suppress the warning)
- [x] tune training data collection parameters
    - far threshhold must be far enough (can't see lights)
    - close threshhold must be close enough (see lights clearly)
    - tune the volume of data collected (raw volume and proportion between classes)
- [x] write training data collector
- [x] collect training data for traffic light classifier
    - [x] recollect training data
        - I messed up and overwrote the no-light images
        - collect at least 1000 images, no-light should have > 2 [s] interval
        - label the waypoint distance in the filename too, help us filter things later
        - if not lag-inducing, process more images
    - [x] collect more constrained data
        - 20-30 waypoint from lights, to be cropped to contain the middle light
- [x] make waypoint_updater loop around the track
    - currently stops at final waypoint, but can be induced to loop with a little manual control
- [x] check in with the mentor about graduation requirement on sim-only
    - classifier is needed
- [ ] build, train  model for traffic light classifier
    - [x] explore data
    - [x] write batch generator
    - [ ] write model builder
        - add resize layer
        - rebalance sample proportion
        - rename label 4 to 3 (economise categories)
    - [ ] train model
        - one epoch wtih naïve adaptation of net_nvidia gets us 50% accuracy
        - a simple one can get 90%, some misclassing on green though
    - [ ] test inference
    - [ ] integrate to tl_detector
- [x] look into `pure_pursuit` waypoint following behaviour
    - see above point on 'fix dbw behaviour'
- [ ] test system integration (melodic)
- [ ] test system integration (kinetic, on workspace)
- [ ] scout for capstone team
- [ ] submit project (possibly individually, on-sim only)
- [ ] graduate

# Training data collector design notes

- use rosparam switch
- classes:
    - 4: no light
    - 2: green
    - 1: yellow
    - 0: red
- classes match styx_msgs to minimise confusion
- collection rule:
    - if near traffic light, sample every skip (2 or 3 images)
    - if far from light, sample at most every second
    - name sample with timestamp and label
- write filename parser to help with serving data during training
